<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
      template="resources/template.xhtml">
    
    <ui:define name="content">
        <h:head>
            <title>PLITOOL Description</title>
            <style>
                #content {padding-bottom: 20px;}
            </style>
        </h:head>
        
        <h:body>
            <h1 align="center">PLITOOL</h1>
            <h2>What is PLITOOL?</h2>
            <p>
                PLITOOL (Protein-Ligand Interaction TOOL) provides a multi-purpose platform to obtain
                and analyze protein-ligand interactions. It combines three different functionalities:
                <ul class="description">
                    <li>Extraction of protein-ligand interactions from CHEMBL databases.</li>
                    <li>Visualization of protein-protein interactions on different network models based on their ligands.</li>
                    <li>Computation of compound similarity with three different methods.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <h2>What is Protein-Protein Network?</h2>
            <p>
                A protein-protein network is a representation where proteins are shown as the nodes
                of a network and connected through a feature.

		Protein-protein networks enables better investigation of protein interactions with
                the help of network analysis metrics. Clustering is one of the most powerful approaches
                in network models to investigate densely connected sub-groups.

		PLITOOL provides a ligand-centric network model [cite] for a set of proteins which is
                previously proposed by our team.
            </p>
            <h2>User Inputs</h2>
            <p>
                PLITOOL requires from user to decide (1)  protein name/protein family name/UniProt ID/Gene Ontology ID 
		and (2) organism name.
            </p>
            <h2>Project Team</h2>
            <p>
                <ul>
                    <lh>Developers</lh><br/>
                    <li>Hakime Öztürk, Department of Computer Eng, Boğaziçi University</li>
                    <li>Mehmet Aziz Yirik, Department of Computational Sci, Boğaziçi University</li>
                    <li>Efe Erçetin, Department of Computer Eng, Boğaziçi University</li><br/>
                    <lh>Advisors</lh><br/>
                    <li>Arzucan Özgür, Department of Computer Eng, Boğaziçi University</li>
                    <li>Elif Özkırımlı, Department of Chemical Eng, Boğaziçi University</li>
                    <li>Kutlu Ülgen,  Department of Chemical Eng, Boğaziçi University</li>
                </ul>
            </p>		
        </h:body>
    </ui:define> 
</ui:composition>
