<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
      template="resources/template.xhtml">
    
    <ui:define name="content">
        <h:head>
            <title>Ligand-Centric Model</title>
        </h:head>
        
        <h:body>
            <h1 align="center">LIGAND-CENTRIC MODEL</h1>
            <p>
                Ligand-centric network model is a novel approach to connect proteins based
                on the ligands that they bind to. Unlike most previous studies that use
                sequence similarity to classify proteins, our approach is based on creating
                ligand-based networks of proteins. We introduce two types of networks, where
                the nodes are proteins, and the edges represent the sharing of identical or
                chemically similar ligands. Then we apply three different edge weight methods
                on these models: unweighted, weighted, and normalized weighted.
            </p>   
            <h2>Identity Network</h2>
            <p>
                The identity network model is based on sharing of common ligands. In this model
                two proteins are connected with an edge if they share at least one identical ligand. 
            </p>
            <div align="center">
                <figure class="figure">
                    <h:graphicImage library="images" name="identity_network.png"/>
                    <figcaption class="caption">
                        <b>Fig 1. Example illustrating the creation of the identity network models.</b><br/>
                        A sample data set consisting of four proteins (A, B, C, D) shaped as circles and
                        five ligands (lg1, lg2, lg3, lg4, lg5) shaped as diamonds. For each protein, the
                        ligands that it binds to are given together. A sample Tanimoto coefficient (Tc)
                        matrix is also provided for the ligand pairs. (The same example is used in the
                        next figure.) In the identity networks, A and B are connected since they have two
                        common ligands, lg1 and lg5. Only the weight of the edge between A and B changes
                        depending on the weighting method used.
                    </figcaption>
                </figure>
            </div>
            <h2>Similarity Network</h2>
            <p>
                This model enables us to link two nodes that do not have any common ligands,
                but bind to ligands whose chemical similarity is above some pre-determined
                threshold. It was previously shown that compounds with Tanimoto coefficient (Tc)
                of chemical similarity higher than 0.7 had similar biological activity [19, 28].
                Therefore, in this study, the similarity threshold was selected as Tc of 0.7.
                In other words, if two nodes shared two ligands with more than 0.7 Tc, they were
                connected in the similarity network. The similarity based model aims to discover
                some hidden relationships or emphasize the existing ones using the ligand chemical
                similarity feature. 
            </p>
            <div align="center">
                <figure class="figure">
                    <h:graphicImage library="images" name="similarity_network.png"/>
                    <figcaption class="caption">
                        <b>Fig 2. Example illustrating the creation of the similarity network models.</b><br/>
                        In the similarity networks, the proteins that bind to ligands whose pairwise
                        similarities exceed the Tc 0.7 cut-off value are connected. Therefore, we have
                        two new connections in the similarity network: C and D are connected due to the
                        similarity between lg2 and lg4, and A and C are connected due to the similarity
                        between lg2 and lg3. The edge weights between nodes change depending on the
                        weighting method used.
                    </figcaption>
                </figure>
            </div>
            <p class="citation">
                <h3>Citation</h3>
                <ul>
                    <li>
                        Hakime Öztürk, Elif Ozkirimli, and Arzucan Özgür. "Classification
                        of Beta-lactamases and penicillin binding proteins using ligand-centric network models."
                        PloS one 10.2 (2015): e0117874.
                    </li><br/>
                    <li>
                        Plos One 
                        (<h:outputLink style="text-decoration: none;" value="http://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0117874">
                            <h:outputText value="http://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0117874"/>
                        </h:outputLink>)
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </p>		
        </h:body>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
