<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
      template="resources/template.xhtml">
    
    <ui:define name="content">
        <h:head>
            <title>Prot-Lig</title>
        </h:head>
        
        <h:body>
            <h1 align="center">PROT-LIG</h1>
            <h:panelGrid columns="2" style="table-layout: fixed" width="100%">
                <div style="width: 100%">
                    <p>
                        Prot-Lig is developed for protein-ligand interaction data collection. There are
                        many databases such as ChEMBL, PDB, and PubChem; however, ChEMBL is most dominant 
                        and preferrable database. Thus, Prot-Lig extracts ligand data from ChEMBL and
                        protein data from UniProt. The main benefits of this tool is to collect 
                        protein-ligand data programmatically. 
                    </p>    
                    <p>
                        In this tool, first the protein data are collected from UniProt, then ligand data 
                        are extracted from ChEMBL database. The output of the tool comprises protein ID,
                        ligand ID, and SMILES. 
                    </p>
                    <p>
                        Users can specify the search protein name, organism number and even the threshold.
                        Protein name might be a UniProt ID (or IDs), and proteins' keywords. For organism 
                        number,user should decide for the organism for which the data are collected. The 
                        organism numbers are also provided in our webpage. For instance, 9606 is used for 
                        human. For thresholding, default threshold is mostly preferred, which is 1000 nM.Here, 
                        threshold value is used for ligands' standard values. Ligands having equal or smaller
                        standard values than the threshold are collected. The threshold value (1000nM) is 
                        recommended by the founder of ChEMBL database. However, users might also calculate the 
                        trheshold by selecting the other option. For that, the program calculates the mean of 
                        the standard values, then these mean value is used as the threshold. 
                    </p>
                </div>
                <div>
                    <h:graphicImage library="images" name="docking_image.png" width="100%"/>
                </div>
            </h:panelGrid>
        </h:body>
    </ui:define>   
</ui:composition>
