<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
      template="resources/template.xhtml">
    
    <ui:define name="content">
        <h:head>
            <title>Smiles2Vec</title>           
        </h:head>
        
        <h:body>
            <h1 align="center">SMILES2VEC</h1>
            <p>
                SMILES2vec is based on the distributed word representations models that
                have been widely used in the recent studies of natural language processing
                (NLP) tasks, especially with the introduction of Word2Vec (Mikolov et al. 2013).
            </p>    
            <p>
                In the chemical space , we can utilize the string representation of
		ligands (i.e., SMILES )  and define words as sub-sequences of these
		representations. Figure is a sample ligand SMILES and its corresponding
		sub-sequences.
            </p>
            <div align="center">
                <h:graphicImage library="images" name="SMILES2Vec.png"/>
            </div>
            <p>
                The SMILES words were created as 8-character length overlapping substrings.
                Word2Vec model produces a real-valued vector for each SMILES word and the
                corresponding ligand vector is constructed as the average of the summation
                of these SMILES word vectors as described in Equation. Vector(x) represents
                the Word2Vec outputs for 8-character SMILES sub-sequences and m indicates the
                total number of these SMILES words. We refer to ligand vectors as SMILES2Vec.
            </p>
            <div align="center">
                <h:graphicImage library="images" name="SMILES2Vec2.png"/>
            </div>
            <p class="citation">
                <h3>Citation</h3>
                <ul>
                    <li>
                        Mikolov, T. et al., 2013. Distributed Representations of Words and
                        Phrases and their Compositionality. Nips, pp.19.
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </p>		
        </h:body>
    </ui:define> 
</ui:composition>
